Warcraft phonemes long vowels long eh eh
as in 8 paid hey here are the long vowel
sounds eh eh e é í î ô ô û û what are
the five vowels
long vowels say the name of the letter A
e i o u EI EI e é í î ô ô û û long
vowels a a long ay ay as in eight head
hey e.e long e e as in seed tea tea I I
long I I as in tile hi hi 00 long 00 as
in road road tow you you long you you as
in rude sooo
during the study of long vowels
diacritical marks are used to
differentiate between short and long
vowels the long sound of the vowel a is
ay ay ay ay ay abe s aid a is aged aged
a8 l M a in ape sa8 if is long vowels
say the name of the letter A e i o u
phonemes sounds long vowels a e i o u
let's say the sounds together Abe s aid
is aged aged 8 l m n 8s 8 f is here are
the long vowel sounds ay ay e e I I
oh oh you you excellent
you